Competitive Advantages

 A successful project implementation can result in a range of competitive advantages that promote success for the organisation and make it worth pursuing. Broadly speaking, such advantages relate to saving on costs and time, whilst increasing performance, and revenue, and generally better operational capability. 

•	More staff satisfaction and engagement 
o	Staff can find themselves saving more time and effort due to easier workloads resulting in less stress placed upon individuals.
o	Relationship managers can have more transparent communication between them and the customer.
o	Reduction of menial tasks for agents as superior call routing connects customers to appropriate people. 
o	More accurate and quicker access to information, which will especially benefit outbound staff. 
o	Such effects compound into improvement of quality in the conversations taking place with customers, which then can result in stronger relationships and more conversions. 
o	New staff have an easier time learning compared to before, and this can contribute to lower turnover as well. 

•	On the customer side, overall satisfaction will see enhancement.
o	Less wait times and being put on hold due to aforementioned quickness of staff. The shortening of wait times is easily one of the largest contributors to call centre effectiveness. Combined with the efficiency of the profiler tool meaning they are much more likely to be routed to somebody suited for their inquiry, they will experience much more efficient and quicker service.
o	This then leads to greater customer retention and more brand loyalty
o	Hence the organisation can hold a stronger reputation, more capable standing and competitive edge. 

Adverse Effects

As with any project there are risks involved and even though measures can be taken to mitigate these risks, there is a minute chance that the project could fail.
This could mean the implemented system does not reach the outcome that was desired by the product owner or the project has greatly exceeded cost and time constraints.
In such cases, there might be possible side effects that would interrupt the function of the business.
Such side effects may include:
  •	Reverting to the previous system would interrupt the RMs ability to service customers.
  •	General confusion and misinformation between employees on which procedures to follow would slow down workflow.
  •	If the project fails before completion, the contractor chosen to handle the project is left at a financial loss as objectives are left unfulfilled.
  •	The company reputation would be tarnished as customers may choose a more reliable services provider in the future. This would likely put a hold on future business plans.
  
  
