Customer POV and HMW

We met ... a customer who was dissatisfied with wait times
We were surprised to notice ... he had waited 30 minutes in queue
We wonder if this means ... that the current system is too slow at handling enquiries
It would be game changing to ... be able to estimate the time a customer's enquiry will take and give some priority to short calls

How might we ... increase the speed at which the queue is emptied




We met ... a customer who always hung up our outbound calls
We were surprised to notice ... he viewed our calls as spam
We wonder if this means ... that most customers view our outbound calls as harassment
It would be game changing to ... be able to identify customers who don't like receiving outbound calls

How might we ... identify and call customers who would like to receive our calls




We met ... a customer who was disappointed by the results of their enquiry
We were surprised to notice ... that our RM lacked knowledge in the product the customer was interested in
We wonder if this means ... Our customers aren't being paired with appropriate RMs
It would be game changing to ... identify a customer's interested product in advance so they can be paired with an appropriate RM

How might we ... pair customers with RMs that have significant knowledge on a user's preferred products




We met... a customer who worries if they are asked for their personal data
We were surprised to notice... the profiler tool created by relationship managers interferes with their privacy
We wonder if this means... relationship manager does not care about the safety of customers personal data
It would be game changing to... relationship manager can convince customers not to worry about their data not being sold to other companies or advertisers

How might we... assuring customers to be able to protect their personal data




We met... a customer who gets a lower score after making inbound calls
We were surprised to notice... they don't know about this scoring system
We wonder if this means... customer who gets the lower score feels unfair
It would be game changing to... give customers clear information about the scoring system so they can find out what things will affect the score

How might we... provide clear information about this scoring system
