Reflections
  We found that a major problem is customers hanging up after waiting for so long. 
  As a relationship manager, in keeping this wait into account I try to end my conversation with a current customer as quickly as possible.
  However this priority of speed often means a compromise in quality. 
  
  Relationship managers have to learn too much information regarding the various number and nature of holiday packages. 
  Because of this, when serving customers they may give inaccurate information or are uncertain of certain aspects, and hence will
  not be as confident in certain situations with certain customers.
  
  Despite already segmenting customers by social or cultural demographics in accordance to postcodes and surnames, relationship 
  managers will find this technique too ineffective at times. These segments can be incorrect for certain people and being ready
  to have dealt with a customer that you thought you had profiled successfully only for them to be entirely different will inhibit
  the ability for the relationship manager to provide good service.
  
  Relationship managers can feel ill-equipped to deal with many customer inquiries, particularly if the customer is in a foul mood
  from having waited so long. They may be feeling immense pressure to not only listen to the customer inquiry, but ensure that
  the lengthy information for the holiday package to answer said inquiry, is then communicated in a timely manner. The cumulative
  stress and difficulty of each subsequent interaction can exhaust the relationship manager and compromise on their ability to 
  accomplish these tasks over time, reducing overall quality and company success.

Assumptions: 

- It is assumed that all relationship managers are pleased at their job at the call centre and are working efficiently. This removes them as a variable when testing if the new system has made improvements.
-	The profiler tool and the system will distribute inbound and outbound calls as fairly and equally as possible amongst the relationship managers. This prevents some RMs being favoured over others in the workplace.
-	The skill score that is calculated based on an RMs previous call considers the customers intentions and actions. This prevents RMs being consistently assigned low scores for situations out of their control.
-	During busy times when customers are on hold, it is presumed that customers who are most likely to purchase a holiday package are routed to a RM first.
-	It is assumed that having customers hang up while on hold, waiting to be connected to an RM is a key issue that needs addressing.
